doc change @rput <-> robject (#79)
palday/JellyMe4.jl: README.md

This is expected because we don't allow optimization to stop naturally when moving models back forth, but instead force optimization to stop *because we already found an optimum in the other language*.

## Running JellyMe4 from .Rmd / R / R-JuliaCall

> If you need to run JellyMe4 from R, `@rput` will not work and you rather have to get the model back to R via `jm1 <- julia_eval("robject(:lmerMod, Tuple([m, machines]));",need_return="R")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to run JellyMe4 from R (via JuliaCall), the convenience macro`@rput` will not work. Instead you have to invoke `robject` directly: 
```R
julia_eval("robject(:lmerMod, (m, machines);", need_return="R")
```

This is expected because we don't allow optimization to stop naturally when moving models back forth, but instead force optimization to stop *because we already found an optimum in the other language*.

## Running JellyMe4 from .Rmd / R / R-JuliaCall

If you need to run JellyMe4 from R (via JuliaCall), the convenience macro`@rput` will not work. Instead you have to invoke `robject` directly: 
```R
julia_eval("robject(:lmerMod, (m, machines);", need_return="R")

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
````
